docs: Add performance tuning documentation (#778)
elastic/apm-agent-ruby: docs/performance-tuning.asciidoc

There are settings you can modify to control this behavior:

1. Disable stack trace frame collection for short-duration spans by setting
<<config-span-frames-min-duration-ms,`span_frames_min_duration`>> to `0`.

2. Modify the number of source code lines collected.
These settings are divided between app frames, which represent your application code,
and library frames, which represent the code of your dependencies.
Each of these categories are further split into separate error and span settings.
+
* <<config-source-lines-error-app-frames, `source_lines_error_app_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-error-library-frames,`source_lines_error_library_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-span-app-frames,`source_lines_span_app_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-span-library-frames,`source_lines_span_library_frames`>>

3. If you're using the API to create a custom span, you can disable stack trace collection with the
<<api-agent-start_span,`include_stacktrace` argument>>.

Reading source files inside a running application can cause a lot of disk I/O,
and sending up source lines for each frame will have a network and storage cost that is quite high.

> Turning down these limits will help prevent excessive memory usage.

Reviewer: Do you mean memory usage in Elasticsearch?

Author: I do. I'll update to be more clear.

Keep in mind that reducing the value of either setting will cause the agent to send more HTTP requests to the APM Server,
potentially causing a higher load.

[float]
[[tuning-max-spans]]
=== Spans per transaction

The number of spans per transaction will influence both how much time the agent spends in each transaction collecting contextual data,
and how much storage space is needed in Elasticsearch.
In our experience, most _usual_ transactions should have well below 100 spans.
In some cases, however, the number of spans can explode—for example:

* Long-running transactions
* Unoptimized code, e.g., doing hundreds of SQL queries in a loop

To avoid these edge cases which overload both the Agent and the APM Server,
the Agent will stop recording spans when a specified limit is reached.
This limit is configurable with <<config-transaction-max-spans,`transaction_max_spans`>>.

[float]
[[tuning-body-headers]]
=== Capturing headers and request body

You can configure the Agent to capture headers and request bodies with
<<config-capture-headers,`capture_headers`>> and <<config-capture-body,`capture_body`>>.

> By default, headers are enabled and request bodies are disabled.

Reviewer: I would say instead `headers are captured and request bodies are not`.
`enabled` sounds a bit strange, as if we don't allow them.

Author: Good point

> Depending on the nature of your POST requests, enabling request bodies for transactions may introduce noticeable overhead,

Reviewer: here I would also say `capturing request bodies` instead of `enabling`

Author: 👍

as well as increased storage use.
In most scenarios, we advise against enabling request body capturing for transactions, and only enabling it if necessary for errors.

> Capturing request/response headers has less overhead on the agent, but can have an impact on storage use.

Reviewer: I would specify that it has less overhead `than capturing request bodies`

Author: 👍

There are settings you can modify to control this behavior:

1. Disable stack trace frame collection for short-duration spans by setting
<<config-span-frames-min-duration-ms,`span_frames_min_duration`>> to `0`.

2. Modify the number of source code lines collected.
These settings are divided between app frames, which represent your application code,
and library frames, which represent the code of your dependencies.
Each of these categories are further split into separate error and span settings.
+
* <<config-source-lines-error-app-frames, `source_lines_error_app_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-error-library-frames,`source_lines_error_library_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-span-app-frames,`source_lines_span_app_frames`>>
* <<config-source-lines-span-library-frames,`source_lines_span_library_frames`>>

3. If you're using the API to create a custom span, you can disable stack trace collection with the
<<api-agent-start_span,`include_stacktrace` argument>>.

Reading source files inside a running application can cause a lot of disk I/O,
and sending up source lines for each frame will have a network and storage cost that is quite high.

> Turning down these limits will help prevent excessive memory usage in Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: One more tiny thing - "memory usage in Elasticsearch" sounds like the RAM usage goes up. I think what we should emphasize here is that the amount of data stored is reduced.

```suggestion
Turning these limits down will prevent storing excessive amounts of data in Elasticsearch.
```
